My best friend in the military was someone that I went to A school with.
And I think for the most part people, people stay with the people
who were with them in A school, the initial school that you go to.
For the most part, for the first four years. His name was Will. We both
did electrical engineering together for A school. We split up, but
when I went to my first shift, an aircraft. It was in San Diego.
He had the opportunity to tell the navy that, and they can kind of hook
up people who were in the same school together, so that happened.
So we spent our first aircraft carrier as well. And based on that,
you know we lived together, and he eventually got married and we're
still friends to this day.